[DOC-432] Document key_shared subscription type (#373)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/streams/subscriptions.md

![stream-shared-subscriptions](/img/stream-shared-subscriptions.png)

## Failover

In _failover_ mode, multiple consumers can attach to the same subscription. A master consumer is picked for the stream to receives messages. When the master consumer disconnects, all non-acknowledged and subsequent messages are delivered to the next consumer in line.

In the diagram below, Consumer-C-1 is the master consumer while Consumer-C-2 would be the next in line to receive messages if Consumer-C-1 disconnected.

![stream-failover-subscriptions](/img/stream-failover-subscriptions.png)

## Key_Shared

> In Key_Shared type, multiple consumers can attach to the same subscription. Messages are delivered in a distribution across consumers and message with same key or same ordering key are delivered to only one consumer. No matter how many times the message is re-delivered, it is delivered to the same consumer. When a consumer connected or disconnected will cause served consumer change for some key of message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In *key_shared* mode, multiple consumers can attach to the same subscription. Messages are delivered in a distribution across consumers and messages with the same key or same ordering key are delivered to only one consumer. No matter how many times the message is re-delivered, it is delivered to the same consumer. When a consumer connected or disconnected will cause served consumer change for some key of message.
```

Reviewer: @chandrashekhar-macrometa, I do not understand the last sentence in this paragraph.

When a consumer connects or disconnects from the subscription, something happens to the message key?

> Note that when the consumers are using the Key_Shared subscription type, you need to disable batching or use key-based batching for the producers. There are two reasons why the key-based batching is necessary for Key_Shared subscription type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when the consumers are using the key_shared subscription type, you need to disable batching or use key-based batching for the producers. There are two reasons the key-based batching is necessary for key_shared subscription type:
```

> -The broker dispatches messages according to the keys of the messages, but the default batching approach might fail to pack the messages with the same key to the same batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The broker dispatches messages according to the keys of the messages, but the default batching approach might fail to pack the messages with the same key to the same batch.
```

> -Since it is the consumers instead of the broker who dispatch the messages from the batches, the key of the first message in one batch is considered as the key of all messages in this batch, thereby leading to context errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because it is the consumers instead of the broker that dispatch the messages from the batches, the key of the first message in one batch is considered the key of all messages in this batch, thereby leading to context errors.
```

> The key-based batching aims at resolving the above-mentioned issues. This batching method ensures that the producers pack the messages with the same key to the same batch. The messages without a key are packed into one batch and this batch has no key. When the broker dispatches messages from this batch, it uses NON_KEY as the key. In addition, each consumer is associated with only one key and should receive only one message batch for the connected key. By default, you can limit batching by configuring the number of messages that producers are allowed to send.

Reviewer: Is NON_KEY a constant or something that should be in code format? Where would you set it up?

Author: Pulsar would handle it internally.

Reviewer: If it is handled internally, then do we need to tell the users about it?

Reviewer 2: @chandrashekhar-macrometa @diana-macrometa if it's something that we handle internally i.e. transparent to the user, than we should not add it to the documentation

> Below is example of enabling the key-based batching under the Key_Shared subscription type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of enabling the key-based batching under the key_shared subscription type.
```

> ```java

Reviewer: Where would this code go? Is it something I would copy and paste in the SOURCE of my stream worker? Is it something that should go in my app that is built in the IDE?

Author: This will go in the producer created for pulsar stream

Reviewer: We need to tell the user where that is.

Producer<byte[]> producer = client.newProducer()
        .topic("my-topic")
        .batcherBuilder(BatcherBuilder.KEY_BASED)
        .create();
```

> ### Limitations of Key_Shared type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limitations of Key_Shared Subscriptions
```

> When you use Key_Shared type, be aware that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use key_shared subscriptions, be aware that:
```

> -You need to specify a key or orderingKey for messages.

Reviewer: Where do you specify the key or orderingKey? And should those terms be in code format? They look like they might be attributes or parameters for something.

Author: The client which is connecting to pulsar streams should create a producer using below code. Then when the client  sent messages to pulsar using (key, value), Pulsar will automatically segregate the messages and 1 consumer will receive only messages for a particular key 

`Producer<byte[]> producer = client.newProducer()
        .topic("my-topic")
        .batcherBuilder(BatcherBuilder.KEY_BASED)
        .create();`

Reviewer: Please stick that in the doc in the appropriate place, then.

> -You cannot use cumulative acknowledgment with Key_Shared type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-You cannot use cumulative acknowledgment with key_shared subscriptions.
```
